you can't know all that's gonna piss me
not that I know of other I wonder if
they have some in the options we can
choose which one that is I don't think
you can only know all right here we go
cm and Ray disagree day 1 w.e 13-story
time let's go I really hope is not rey
mysterio I hope with actually someone
who's supposed it already why it's bully
right Hey Ya Ya Ya Italy Reina vs really
giving him rate it walks with the pun
ghost I disagree I don't like you you
are now who's that jumping out this guy
are ours is so lame bro who comes up no
way I disagree that's not him it's not
something else garbage even with the
time to shut up thank you even time I
may lose it how dare you Star Wars makes
perfect sense and is the greatest story
ever is the the greatest story ever is
of don't be mad at Star Wars because you
had such high hops look L Lord of the
Rings would be so great and it turned
out that it was just about an old man in
his ring watch your mouth you're just
mad you lost the role of jawa number 42
we men oh we will see who is upset after
I take that title from you okay I wish
you'd started like this by the way dis
me has bought WB oh yeah oh yeah movie
coming on 2015 sani read about Star Wars
early today i'll be over 747 it's a
ladder match to god damn it it's not
it's the new Mysterio and chicken by the
way gasps max adventure is work this is
just a scene from clerks two
yeah that's of real that's a feud
starter right there
maybe they disagree or not hey anyway
what a super show this is his pact shut
up a sec I'll be right it's already this
is the most Super of all shows is this
the TLC match God it is yeah this can
only end one we don't easy to be
starring Christopher Walken SCM point so
well company will get better after your
dumb daughter gonna lose my son along
the sake of the company hey Colt Cabana
are you doing more recent slip nah fuck
it ok it's ok just wanna get that one
that's ok yes this is a game for the
SNES exclusively on the SNES now that
Genesis shit going on fuck that I better
their release it for the Genesis would
have a completely different roster to
see in different music in the TLC
message as i was typing away time
playing us Mysterio it sucks I lose oh
yeah match that's a lot inside like a
TLC match oh so no but like just walk
out of the ring and see if Hong just go
from the ladder okay let's say i'll give
up a ladder actually acknowledge it what
you rehearse this ha does that do that
every time you were hurt i think you can
turn it off but it I think goes by
turriff it just mocks you if you get it
wrong I was like I already hate that oh
my god that's awful looking extremely
impressive too late to early we've
already tried the chair in the head
clerk we have does not work doesn't know
do when we tried this deal page right no
you can't actually you can't run at
somebody and grapple when they have a
chair on their head the fuck why not
excite cuz cuz we broke it
was it big they better not have been
watching the videos is that stage which
is the best thing especially because
they have the over the edge rain in this
game ring oh god I'm loving punk with
watching go after you what are you doing
stupid s real easy all right god oh I
really pull back to you a lot of one
minute pleasure that you have to wait it
only set complete match but knowing they
want stories it's probably just okay
matches over and I already know that
after like after this match night when
you'd have seen such an industry 500 I
told you o Lord of the Rings was better
oh I like his world heavyweight title
wait what transformation they put
something that looks like a Pepsi logo
they're not quite they tried wait what
it's just a red and blue here it's
probably cuz Enoch was at the end of the
man or the screen of the story I'm not
sure of anyone other than homers gonna
get this reference but I want to do a
story mode now we're Rey Mysterio and CM
Punk are having an argument for a match
about between Lord Palmerston and Pitt
the elder
that was it I got